[SDK-3027] Update swift analytics section (#4823)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/analytics/tracking_sessions.md

## Session lifecycle

> A session is started when you call `Braze` `init(configuration:)`, after which by default sessions start when the `UIApplicationWillEnterForegroundNotification` notification is fired (i.e., the app enters the foreground) and end when the app leaves the foreground (i.e., when the `UIApplicationDidEnterBackgroundNotification` notification is fired or when the app dies).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A session is started when you call `Braze` `init(configuration:)`. By default, this occurs when the `UIApplicationWillEnterForegroundNotification` notification is fired (i.e., the app enters the foreground). Session end occurs when the app leaves the foreground (i.e., when the `UIApplicationDidEnterBackgroundNotification` notification is fired or when the app dies).
```

{% alert note %}
If you need to force a new session, you can do so by changing users.
{% endalert %}

## Customizing session timeout

> You can set the `sessionTimeout`  to the desired integer value in your `configuration` object passed to [`init(configuration)`][session_tracking_1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `sessionTimeout` to the desired integer value in your `configuration` object passed to [`init(configuration)`][session_tracking_1].
```

## Session lifecycle

> A session is started when you call `Braze` `init(configuration:)`. By default, this occurs when the `UIApplicationWillEnterForegroundNotification` notification is fired (i.e., the app enters the foreground). Session end occurs when the app leaves the foreground (i.e., when the `UIApplicationDidEnterBackgroundNotification` notification is fired or when the app dies).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A session is started when you call `Braze.init(configuration:)`. By default, this occurs when the `UIApplicationWillEnterForegroundNotification` notification is fired (i.e., the app enters the foreground). Session end occurs when the app leaves the foreground (i.e., when the `UIApplicationDidEnterBackgroundNotification` notification is fired or when the app dies).
```
